TIMOTHY DUNCAN
Python Developer
229-828-1284  lily.williams@gmail.com  github.io/lily.williams  San Francisco, CA

SUMMARY
Python developer with 8 years of experience in finance and fintech. Well-
acquainted with database engineering, data warehouses, and data processing.
Knowledgeable in Python frameworks related to data such as SciPy, NumPy,
Matplotlib. Cloudera certified Data analyst, PCPP-1 certification and Spark/Hadoop
developer certification.

SKILLS
Programming
Python  SciPy  NumPy  Matplotlib
Django  Flask  SQL  Java

Databases & Servers
AWS  Django ORM  MySQL  ETL
Cassandra  MongoDB  Hadoop
Spark

Development
GIT  SVN  PyCharm

CERTIFICATION
CCA Data Analyst
Cloudera, 2017

CCA Spark and Hadoop Developer
Cloudera, 2015

PCPP1
The Python Institute, 2014

STRENGTHS
Time management
Prioritizes essential tasks so they are not
rushed. Sets deadlines that ensure reaching
milestones on time.

Adaptability
I remember that change is not personal and is
inevitable. I break my projects into multiple
parts so that if something goes wrong, I can
quickly fix it.

Accountability
I take ownership of my mistakes. By doing
that I learn what I did wrong so that it does
not happen again.

EDUCATION
B.S. Software Engineering
GPA
University of California, San Francisco
3.8 / 4.0
2008 - 2012  San Francisco, CA

EXPERIENCE
Python Developer
Revolut  2015 - 2018  San Francisco, CA
Revolut is a financial technology company that offers banking services. We offer
accounts featuring currency exchange, debit cards, virtual cards, and vaults.
•	Collaborated with Web Application Engineers, used Python scripts to load the
data into AWS Cloud Cassandra database
•	Visualised over 40 datasets with Matplotlib
•	Involved in processing the streaming data as well as batch data using Apache
Spark
•	Delivering projects with 1-2 days turn around time or even within hours

Python Developer
Bank of America  2012 - 2015  San Francisco, CA
Lauzon is a finance firm based out of San Francisco, CA. They cater to over 30 local
businesses and startups by providing custom finance software.
•	Developed internal tools for text mining (sentimental analysis), and web crawler
for collecting data by Python and SQL
•	Used AWS Elastic Beanstalk service for deploying and scaling web applications
and services developed with Java, Python
•	Developed shell scripting and Python programs to automate the data flow on
day-to-day tasks
•	Analyzed the SQL scripts and designed the solution to Developed a custom ETL
pipeline by using Python

Junior Python Developer
Streich  2018 - Present  San Francisco, CA
Lauzon is a finance firm based out of San Francisco, CA. They cater to many local
businesses and startups by providing custom finance software.
•	Made over 800 insertions and 150 deletions to 4 central Firmware repositories
in less than 3 months
•	Participated in more than 4 projects per year from initial research and
conceptual design through testing and implementation phases
•	Developed data quality portal using Python scripting, increasing data quality by
30%
•	Communicated and coordinated with the project manager and coworkers
to resolve 30+ build breaks a month

www.enhancv.com  Powered by  Enhancv