HIBA NAHDI
Computer Science Engineer
[ hiba.nahdi4@ensi-uma.tn
¯ linkedin.com/in/hiba nahdi
As a recent engineering graduate, I am enthusiastic about launching my professional career and utilizing my skills to create eﬃ-
cient and eﬀective software solutions.
EDUCATION
Engineering Degree in Computer Sci-
ence
National School for Computer Science
 Sept 2020 – Present ½ Manouba,Tunisia
Preparatory Engineering Studies in
physics and chemistry
Preparatory Institute for Engineering Studies
of Tunis (IPEIT)
 Sept 2017-June 2020½ Tunis, Tunisia
Baccalaureate in experimental sci-
ences
Ahmed Amine High School
 Sept 2013-June 2017½ Ben Arous, Tunisia
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Machine Learning
NLP
LLMs
Data Mining
Git
Problem Solving
Algorithms and data structures
Gnu/Linux
SQL
Knowledge in Cloud computing
C/C++
Python
Java
COMMUNITY LIFE
-HR manager and general secretary :
Positive and Sociable Citizens Club
-General secretary :
NATEG ENSI Student Chapter
-Member :
ENSI Robotics Association
LANGUAGES
Arabic
: Native
English
: B2 level (DET)
French
: C1 level (TCF)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Mitacs Research Intern - Graduation Project
Analysis of the Social Acceptability of Natural Resource Projects
 March 2024 – August 2024
½ University of Quebec in Abitibi-
Témiscamingue (UQAT)
• Perform comprehensive web scraping and data mining of articles from
the university library, then clean and prepare the data to ensure it is
ready for modeling.
• Build a model to extract key information, such as success factors and
constraints, using named entity recognition (NER).
• Apply sentiment analysis to evaluate the project’s tone, favorability, and
acceptance based on the extracted data.
• Integrate an API to test and validate the model’s functionality and per-
formance in real-time.
Keywords: Python, NLP, Transformers, NER, Sentiment Analysis, FastAPI
Software Engineer Intern - Summer Internship Project
Development of an online platform for learning and job hunting
 Jul 2023 – Aug 2023
½ Welyne
• Create a platform that provides a diverse range of high-quality courses
and jobs oﬀers.
• Integrate a recommendation system to suggest job opportunities based
on user’s acquired skills and certiﬁcations.
Keywords: HTML, CSS, Angular, Spring Boot, Java, AI, TensorFlow
PROJECTS
IoT System for Access Control and Security
 Apr 2023 - Jun 2023
• Develop an IoT system using RFID technology for access control, where
the ESP8266 module reads RFID tags and communicates with a web
server to verify access.
• Develop a React web interface for user authentication and client man-
agement.
Keywords: ESP8266, RFID, React, Slim PHP
Intelligent Conversational Agent Development
 sep 2023 – oct 2023
• Design and develop a chatbot capable of understanding and responding
to user queries.
• Use sentiment analysis to evaluate the chatbot’s responses, analyzing
tone, sentiment, and user satisfaction in real-time interactions.
• Integrate an API to test and validate the chatbot’s performance and
functionality, ensuring accurate and eﬃcient responses.
Keywords: Python, NLP, Transformers, FastAPI
